### These tests fail on systems that do not allow users to use `ulimit -c unlimited`
## jtreg_test_hotspot_jtreg_tier1
# Execution failed: `main' threw exception: java.lang.RuntimeException: Test ERROR java.lang.RuntimeException: Output doesn't contain the location of core file.: expected true, was false
# Actual error: ulimit: core file size: cannot modify limit: Operation not permitted
serviceability/sa/ClhsdbCDSCore.java 0 linux-all

### Broken because we ship javafx as part of this package and it doesn't support this test
## jtreg_test_jdk_tier1
# platform/javafx.swing can't delegate to find classes from app/jdk.unsupported.desktop
jdk/modules/etc/VerifyModuleDelegation.java 0 linux-all

### All of these break under "client" but succeed under "server", so just buggy tests
compiler/aot/cli/IncorrectAOTLibraryTest.java
compiler/aot/cli/NonExistingAOTLibraryTest.java
gtest/GTestWrapper.java

compiler/aot/DeoptimizationTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/RecompilationTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/SharedUsageTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/TestHeapBase.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeDynamic2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeDynamic2CompiledTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeDynamic2InterpretedTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeDynamic2NativeTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeInterface2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeInterface2CompiledTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeInterface2InterpretedTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeInterface2NativeTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeSpecial2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeSpecial2CompiledTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeSpecial2InterpretedTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeSpecial2NativeTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeStatic2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeStatic2CompiledTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeStatic2InterpretedTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeStatic2NativeTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeVirtual2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeVirtual2CompiledTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeVirtual2InterpretedTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromAot/AotInvokeVirtual2NativeTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromCompiled/CompiledInvokeDynamic2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromCompiled/CompiledInvokeInterface2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromCompiled/CompiledInvokeSpecial2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromCompiled/CompiledInvokeStatic2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromCompiled/CompiledInvokeVirtual2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromInterpreted/InterpretedInvokeDynamic2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromInterpreted/InterpretedInvokeInterface2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromInterpreted/InterpretedInvokeSpecial2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromInterpreted/InterpretedInvokeStatic2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromInterpreted/InterpretedInvokeVirtual2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromNative/NativeInvokeSpecial2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromNative/NativeInvokeStatic2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/calls/fromNative/NativeInvokeVirtual2AotTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/DisabledAOTWithLibraryTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/MultipleAOTLibraryTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/SingleAOTLibraryTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/SingleAOTOptionTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/AtFileTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/CompileClassTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/CompileClassWithDebugTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/CompileDirectoryTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/CompileJarTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/CompileModuleTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/IgnoreErrorsTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/ListOptionTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/cli/jaotc/ListOptionWrongFileTest.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/fingerprint/SelfChanged.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/fingerprint/SelfChangedCDS.java 0 linux-all
compiler/aot/fingerprint/SuperChanged.java 0 linux-all


runtime/StackGap/testme.sh 0 linux-all
runtime/StackGuardPages/testme.sh 0 linux-all

compiler/aot/jdk.tools.jaotc.test/src/jdk/tools/jaotc/test/NativeOrderOutputStreamTest.java 0 linux-all
